Oversettelse development/data og development/ux til engelsk (#594)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/development/ux/pages/tracks/_index.en.md

}
```

Here, the frontend will make the call to the api defined in the app and use the list returned to determine which page it will go to when the user presses next.
This order will also be stored in the state frontend, so that navigating will work both backwards and forwards on the given order returned from the backend.

If you wish to trigger calculation on every single page switch, this can be done by either entering `calculatePageOrder` as part of `triggers` for all 

> the navigationcomponents in the application, or by adding a trigger in `Settings.json` under the `pages` section. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the navigation components in the application, or by adding a trigger in `Settings.json` under the `pages` section. Example:
```

}
```

As input to the method you have `layoutSettings` which contains the default page order under the property `layoutSettings.Pages.Order`.
In addition, you have the form data that is associated with the step to be completed. This can be parsed to a C# model as described further up on this page.

By manipulating `layoutSettings.Pages.Order` in this method, it will be possible to duplicate the dynamic track choices made for the user.
NOTE! The call to PDF handler, as shown below, must not be removed from the `FormatPDF` method, if you have implemented additional logic for the receipt in `PDFHandler.cs`.

```cs
return await _pdfHandler.FormatPdf(layoutSettings, data);
```

> To avoid duplicating logic, we recommend creating a method that manipulates the page order based on form data and calling this both from `FormatPDF` and `GetPageOrder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid duplicating logic, we recommend creating a method that manipulates the page order based on form data and calling this both from `FormatPdf` and `GetPageOrder`.
```
